[Music]
this is the story of the three
Baudelaire children violet
loved to invent a brother Klaus loved to
read and their little sister sunny she
loved to bite my name is Lemony Snicket
and it is my duty to tell you their tale
no one knows the precise cause of the
Baudelaire fire and just like that the
Baudelaire children became the
Baudelaire orphans
I'm taking you to live with your closest
relative and he's an actor by trade of
that exciting I am your beloved
to Count Olaf my dear
violet all I ask us that you do each and
everything pops into my head will I
enjoy the enormous fortune your parents
left behind oh I'm sorry I don't speak
monkey violet what are we doing here
maybe he just doesn't make a very good
first impression you're invited to
discover this way to the reptile room a
world built by imagination and strung
together by a series of unfortunate
events Paramount Pictures and DreamWorks
Pictures present Jim Carrey Jim Carrey
Jim Carrey very unthinkable happening
Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate
Events directed by Brad Silberling now
that we're family I can be the oh yeah
we're very concerned
[Music]